Rename module to database where appropriate (#277)
clockworklabs/spacetime-docs: docs/sdks/c-sharp/index.md

}
```

> Configure the URI of the SpacetimeDB instance or cluster which hosts the remote database attached to the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the URI of the SpacetimeDB instance or cluster which hosts the remote module and database.
```

}
```

> The `Db` property of the `DbConnection` provides access to the subscribed view of the remote database module's tables. See [Access the client cache](#access-the-client-cache).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Db` property of the `DbConnection` provides access to the subscribed view of the remote database's tables. See [Access the client cache](#access-the-client-cache).
```

}
```

> The `Reducers` property of the context provides access to reducers exposed by the remote database. See [Observe and invoke reducers](#observe-and-invoke-reducers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Reducers` property of the context provides access to reducers exposed by the remote module. See [Observe and invoke reducers](#observe-and-invoke-reducers).
```

Reducers are a property more of the module than the database I think it's fine to just say module here.

}
```

> The `Reducers` property of the context provides access to reducers exposed by the remote database. See [Observe and invoke reducers](#observe-and-invoke-reducers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Reducers` property of the context provides access to reducers exposed by the remote module. See [Observe and invoke reducers](#observe-and-invoke-reducers).
```

}
```

> The `Reducers` property of the context provides access to reducers exposed by the remote database. See [Observe and invoke reducers](#observe-and-invoke-reducers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Reducers` property of the context provides access to reducers exposed by the remote module. See [Observe and invoke reducers](#observe-and-invoke-reducers).
```
